feat: add Job & Pod documentation for Test Workflows (#15)
kubeshop/testkube-docs: docs/articles/test-workflows-parallel.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Pod and Job configuration

> Each of the parallel workers have own Job and Pod created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the parallel workers has its own Job and Pod created.
```

> To configure them, use `job` and `pod` properties, similarly to the [**Test Workflow's Job and Pod**](./test-workflows-job-and-pod.md) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure them, use the `job` and `pod` properties, similar to the [**Test Workflow's Job and Pod**](./test-workflows-job-and-pod.md) configuration.
```
